Filch is gone.
Look at you playing with your cards. Pathetic! Exams are coming.
I've always heard Hogwarts exams were frightful...
Divination is woolly; Ancient Runes is fascinating.
We're to be given quills with anti-cheating spells.
Pleasure. You two better change into your robes... You've got dirt on your nose.
Professor Lupin?
At least no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy their way in.
Madam Pomfrey will fix it.
If you two don't mind... killed or worse, expelled!
It's my fault, Professor McGonagall.
How bad is it, Neville? With Snape as Headmaster.
Not in the restricted section. Happy Christmas.
We’d break fifty school rules... very dangerous.
We just learned about red caps and hinkypunks.
We're tied with Slytherin!
I remember reading something in Herbology.
We're not supposed to be here... It's forbidden.
And what do you plan to do if this comes up in the final exam?
Since Snape set the essay.
Standard Book of Spells, Chapter 7.
Professor R.J. Lupin.
You attacked a teacher!
Where have you been? Off to bed both of you.
He's a werewolf! That's why he's been missing classes.
Sorting Hat urged us all to be brave and strong in these troubled times -- easy for it to say -- it's a hat, isn't it?  First Years seemed to enjoy it, though. Wankers. Filch give you the wand outside?
Ancient Runes? Exactly how many classes are you taking?
Probably Neville forgotten the password again.
And to think I've been worrying about my Potions final.
You said she was making you do lines!
I'm resigning.  After today's match.  McLaggen can have my spot.
Fred and George are on the team, too. Beaters.
Ron Weasley, sir.  But I'm dead awful at Potions, a menace actually, so I probably should just be going --
Honestly, Professor Snape, I think it did more damage to us.
I'm going to resign.
Harry! I tried out for Quidditch Keeper at the tryouts! I'm on the team!
Not bloody likely.  He's top of the class.  Even better than you, Hermione.  Slughorn thinks he's a genius.
Seeker? But first years never make their house teams! You must be the youngest Quidditch player in...
C'mon, Harry.  We've got a game to win.
Whew, we made it. Can you imagine the look on McGonagall's face if we were late?
Oh, c'mon!  Beedle's stories are famous!  Babbity Rabbitty? No...?
I have a few start of term notices I wish to announce. The first years please note that the dark forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch  has asked me to remind you that the 3rd floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you.
Not a single professor inside this castle would help Sirius Black enter it. I'm quite convinced the castle is safe... and I'm more than willing to send the students back to their houses.
SILLLLLEEENNNNCEEEEE!  Everyone will please, not panic. Now, Prefects will lead their houses back to the dormitories. Teachers will follow me to the dungeons.
Did you ask one of the older students to do it for you?
... which are posted in an extensive list on the door to Mr. Filch's door.
Enjoying your classes?  Professor Slughorn, for one, is most impressed with you.
What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows.  Ah, I see your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of opening your Chocolate Frogs.
I am well aware of our bylaws, Severus, having written quite a few of them myself. However, as head of Gryffindor house, it is for Professor McGonagall to determine the appropriate action.
In point of fact, when young Potter met those students it was not illegal.
Another year, gone! And now, as I understand it, the house cup needs awarded and the points stand thus. In fourth place: Gryffindor, with 312 points!  In third place: Hufflepuff, with 352 points!  Second: Ravenclaw, with 426 points!  And in first place, with 472 points: Slytherin house!  Yes, well done Slytherin, well done Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account and I have a few last minute points to award.  First, to Miss Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect while others were in grave peril: fifty points!  Second, to Mr Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess that Hogwarts has seen these many years: fifty points!  And third, to mister Harry Potter, for pure love and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house: sixty points!
I beg a few moments of your attention, as I have a few start of term announcements. Right off, our caretaker, the good Mr. Filch, has reminded me for what he says is the four-hundred and sixty-second time that he had an annually updated list of various banned items, usually introduced by our humour experts Fred and George Weasley...
Sit down please. And now the moment you've all been waiting for, the champions selection!
Ah- it would take a true Gryffindor to pull that out of the hat.
Argus! Argus, I Everyone will proceed to their dormitories immediately. Everyone except you three.
Attention! Attention! The winner is... Mr Diggory!
The very best of evenings to you! First off, please join me in welcoming the newest member of our staff, Horace Slughorn.
Now, as you know, each and every one of you was searched upon your arrival tonight.  You have a right to know why.
Minister, you will order the removal of Dolores Umbridge from my school.
The Hogwarts champion... Cedric Diggory.
Your attention please! I would like to say a few words. Eternal glory, that is what awaits the student who wins the tri-wizard tournament. But to do this that student must survive three tasks. Three extremely dangerous tasks.
Professor Slughorn, I'm happy to say, has agreed to resume his old post of Potions master.  Meanwhile the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts will be assumed by Professor Snape.
Oh, I agree with you, Professor Umbridge. You do have the power to dismiss my teachers. However...
Welcome! Welcome to another year at Hogwarts! Now, I'd like to say a few words... before we all become too befuddled by our excellent feast. First, I'm pleased to welcome Professor R.J. Lupin... who's kindly consented to fill the post... of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Good luck, Professor.
Professor Dippet had that ling planted when he was headmaster.
Before we begin the feast, let us have a round of applause for Professor Sprout and Madame Pomfrey, whose Mandrake juice has been so successfully administered to all who had been Petrified. Also, in light of the recent events, as a school treat, all exams have been canceled.
And finally: it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends. I award ten points to Neville Longbottom!  Assuming that my calculations are correct, I believe that a change of decoration is in order!  Gryffindor wins the House Cup!
Additionally, we have Professor Umbridge, who has kindly agreed to fill the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts--
Also, we have two staffing changes this year. Professor Grubby-Plank will be taking the post of Care of Magical Creatures post as Professor Hagrid is on...extended leave.
For this reason the ministry has seen fit to impose a new rule. To explain all this we have the head of the department of international magic cooperation Mister Bartimus Crouch.
The goblet of fire. Anyone wishing to submit themselves for the tournament merely write their name upon a piece of parchment and throw it in the flame before this hour on Thursday night. Do not do so lightly, if choosen there's no turning back. As from this moment the tri-wizard tournament has begun.
Excellent! we now have our three champions! But in the end only one will go down in history. Only one will hoist this chalice of champions, this vessel of victory the tri-wizard cup!
So Hogwarts has been choosen to host a legendary event. The Tri-Wizard tournament. Now for those of you who do not know, the tri-wizard tournament brings together three schools for a series of magical contests. From each school a single contestant is selected to compete. Now let me be clear, if choosen you stand alone. And trust me when I say these contests are not for the faint hearted, but more of that later. For now please join me in welcoming the lovely ladies of the Beauxbatons Academy of magic and their headmistress Madam Maxime.
I'm not going into hiding. Fudge will soon regret removing me from Hogwarts.
When the governors learned that Arthur Weasley's daughter was taken into the Chamber, they saw fit to summon me back.
All Educational Decrees will be nullified and you will call off the search on Hagrid so he can return to work.
Is there anything in that box you ought not to have?
Again, I cannot have you manhandling my students, Professor Umbridge.
...the Ministry can only appoint new teachers if I cannot find one. I think you will find him suitable enough.
It is not wise to be wandering around this late hour, Tom.
And there is sufficient evidence to have you both expelled.
I want it understood, Cornelius, that Hagrid has my full confidence.
You both realize, of course, that in the past few hours you have broken perhaps a dozen school rules?
Thievery is not tolerated at Hogwarts.  At Hogwarts, you will be taught not only how to use magic, but to control it. Understood? I'll be going now, Tom.  Leave your window open tonight.  An owl will bring you a message.  Read it carefully.
Very well. Good luck champions. Mr Diggory the sound of the cannon...
Hogwarts is not a place for mad people.
Therefore, it is only fitting, that you both receive Special Awards for Services to the School.
Quick thinking on your part, Harry.  Using a Bezoar.  You must be very proud of your student, eh, Horace?
Now we're all settled in and sorted, I'd like to make an announcement. This castle will not only be your home this year but home to some very special guests as well. You see Hogwarts has been choosen...