Books and cleverness? There are more important things.
Don't be silly Ron... broaden your minds.
Awful things happen to wizards who meddle with time.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
International magical cooperation—to make friends.
There isn't a witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin.
Aren't you the one who keeps telling everyone it's their first duty to help Harry?
You have got to start standing up to people, Neville.
I have always prized my ability to turn a phrase -- words are, in my
True. But ask yourself this: were you calling them? Or were they calling you?
Today we acknowledge a really terrible loss. Cedric Diggory was as you all know, exceptionally hard working, intricately fair minded. And most importantly a fierce fierce friend. I think therefore you have the right to know exactly how he died. You see, Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort. The ministry of magic does not wish me to tell you this. But not to do so I think would be an insult to his memory. Now the pain we all feel at this dreadful loss reminds me, reminds us that while we may come from different places and speak in different tongues, our hearts beat as one. In light of recent events the bonds of friendship we made this year will be more important than ever. Remember that and Cedric Diggory will not have died in vain, you remember that. And we'll celebrate a boy who was kind and honest and brave and true right to the very end.
Certain? No. Little is certain in this world, Harry. Call it an educated guess.
I've never put much stock in miracles, Harry. On the other hand, I can attest wholly to the extensive advantages of a related phenomenon.
Harry, I owe you this explanation, to show you the failings of an old man.
There is a room in the Department of Mysteries which is kept locked at all times. It contains a force so wonderful and yet terrible that it is greater than death itself. It is that power which you have incredible amounts of and of which Voldemort has none.
No spell can reawaken the dead Harry I trust you know that. Dark and diffiult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right what is easy. But remember this, you have friends here. You're not alone.
The irony of course, Severus, is that -- in the end -- you and the boy desire the same thing...
And should I tell you to abandon me and save yourself...
There is no shame in feeling pain, Harry. It is your greatest strength...
I often talk aloud to myself.  I find it extraordinarily useful. That which sounds sane at a whisper can seem utterly mad when said for all the world to hear. Haven't been whispering to yourself, have you, Draco?
Perhaps. Personally I've never had much time for heroes.
Yes. I thought he could overcome his feelings towards your father, but I was wrong. Some wounds cut too deep to be healed.
This is beyond anything I imagined.  In my life I have seen things that are unimaginably horrific.  I know now... you will see worse.
A passage, yes.  Very good. I once knew a boy years ago who made all the wrong choices.  Let me help you, Draco.
Innocent until proven guilty, Severus.
Oh, no, Harry.  Your blood is much more precious than mine.
Again, some wounds run too deep to be healed, Harry. Severus and Sirius never liked each other at school. This has never changed.
'Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.'
Ah, to be young and feel love's keen sting.  Come, everyone, I think Mr. Weasley is well tended.
But surely that is what's right, no matter what others think.
Perhaps. But for now, let him sleep. For in dreams, we enter a world that's entirely our own. Let them swim in the deepest ocean or glide over the highest cloud.
You are the worthy possessor of the Hallows, Harry, not me. I was fit to own the Elder Wand, because I took it not for gain, but to save others from it. But I took the Stone because I longed to recall someone who has long been at peace and for that I paid with my life.
There are other ways to destroy a man, Tom.
Well done, Draco.  But I warn you. Killing is not nearly as easy.
Because I am much older, much cleverer... and much less valuable. Your good health, Harry.
Exactly, Harry! Exactly! Which makes you different from Voldemort. It is not our abilities that show what we truly are. It is our choices. If you want proof why you belong in Gryffindor, then I suggest that you look more closely at this. Be careful.
Exactly. He's better off growing up away from all that. Until he is ready.
Like your mother, you are unfailingly kind.
Only recreationally.  You see, I believe one creates one's own luck.
Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living and, above all, those who live without love.
You're the Chosen One, Harry.  And Horace is, at heart, a decent man. Provide the proper circumstances and he will confess his sins.
She was quite right, Harry. Kreacher is what wizards have made him. He is to be pitied, not hated.
Back again, Harry?  I see that you, like so many before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I trust by now you realize what it does. Let me give you a clue. The happiest man on earth would look into the mirror and see only himself, exactly as he is.
For showing unique command of the bubblehead shark. The way I see it, Mr Potter would have finished first had it not been for his determination to rescue not only Mr Weasly but the others as well. We've agreed to award him second place! For outstanding moral fibre.
You are quite wrong, Tom, as you have always been.
Calm yourself, Hagrid. If the governors desire my removal, I will, of course, step aside. However, you will find that help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.
This pain is part of being human, Harry...
You disgust me. You would sacrifice the life of an innocent child over a schoolboy crush?
In the maze you'll find not dragons or creatures of the deep. Instead you'll face something more challenging. You see, people change in the maze. Oh find the cup if you can, but be very weary you could just lose yourselves along the way.
You are not an assassin, Draco.
Sometimes we see what we expect to see, Severus. Other teachers indicate the boy is modest, likeable and while no prodigy, possesses above-average gifts. Personally, I find him rather engaging.
Oh yes. We are in King's Cross, you say? I think, should you so decide, you would be able to, let's say, board a train.
Perhaps not. But she took you in, however grudgingly. As long as you can call your Aunt's house your home, you are protected.
Yes...and no. It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desires of our hearts. Now you, who have never known your family, you see them standing beside you. But remember this, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away in front of it, even gone mad. That is why tomorrow it will be moved to a new home, and I must ask you not to go looking for it again. It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live.
It's true, Harry. You possess many of the qualities that Voldemort himself prizes. Determination, resourcefulness, and if I may say so, a certain disregard for the rules. Why then did the Sorting Hat place you in Gryffindor?
Love, Harry, love.  Ah. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans. I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and since then I have lost my liking for them. But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee... Mm. Alas. Earwax.
I think it's unwise for you to linger over these dreams Harry, I think it's best that you simply...
This is the place.  Oh yes, this place has known magic. Where you stand, Harry, Tom Riddle once stood many, many years ago, when he was but a poor orphan boy with a penchant for cruelty...
I feared that you would make the same mistake I made, that you would be intoxicated by the power the Hallows promise their possessor. But I crave your pardon, Harry. It's clear to me now, as it should have been all along, that you are the better man.
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry. But why should that mean that it is not real?