Sir, the second task is only hours away.
What is it?
We have to go.
What is that?
It's not going to work.
Ron's right Harry. You're gonna need your strength today.
Hagrid! He needs the hospital!
Fudge is coming. Why aren't we leaving?
The Heir of Slytherin has returned... who is it?
It's happened before.
Honestly, don't you two read? Philosopher's Stone is a legendary substance...
Dumbledore wanted us to return.
Seems to be. Why?
Sirius will want to hear about this.
We're in the Shrieking Shack.
Dufftown? That's not far.
Now what do we do?
No Ron, you can't! There must be another way!
There must be 1000 keys up there!
It was locked.
Do what I say. Trust me.
What's he talking about Harry?
I know. But it's the only plan we've got.
Again obvious—potentially problematic.
Now what do we do?
How did it go Hagrid? The hearing?
We must make sure Crabbe and Goyle can't interrupt.
You don't use your eyes, do you? Didn't you see what it was standing on?
Where does this go?
Just go! You're wasting time!
It's on his suitcase Ronald.
Ronald would like me to tell you...
What happens now?
It was standing on a trap door... guarding something.
You hear a voice... then Mrs. Norris ends up Petrified.
Dumbledore couldn't be fooled by an age potion.
Let's go.
Leave it to me.
Everywhere else is full.
Well spotted.
But Malfoy, the Heir of Slytherin?
Go Harry! Go!
I've been here all this time.
What is it?
Want to move closer?
We've got to do something!
Next to last.
Why didn't it work for him? The Elder wand.
Good, you can help Harry... Nicholas Flamel.
It had to be a Gryffindor... unless it wasn't a student.
We’ll have to wait for the Polyjuice Potion.
Harry tell me again.
Go on Harry. For goodness sake.
7:30—where were we?
Congrats! You solved it!
Come on, Harry.
No one knows.
The staircases change, remember?
Fudge has to see Buckbeak.
We save Sirius.
You will be able to, won't you?
How can the Ministry not know who conjured it?
You know the solution then.
What's this all about?
Do you hear much from the others? From the Order?
What does legend say lies within the Chamber?
Of course! Here it is! Nicholas Flamel...
They'll catch Black, won't they?
Did you see where it went? The diadem!
Everything’s set—we just need hair.
No one ever comes in here.
Alastor Moody? The Auror.
Ron! Ron wait! Harry!
Harry wait! Not so fast!
The only stone in existence belongs to Flamel... that's what's under the trapdoor!
Come on. We can't be seen.
I didn't think about that—run!
It's not common... this is bad.
The harp. It stopped playing.
And Snape's coming.
This came with it.
I had you looking in the wrong section!
You go, I'll stay.
There are other things defending the Stone... enchantments.
Ron, you don't think this is real wizard's chess?
Do you realize what tree this is?
We're coming out the back. Go!
Harry you told me you'd figured the egg out weeks ago.
Just now. You?
You were thinking. It's Ron's idea. And it's brilliant.
The black lake—that's obvious.
Did save our lives twice. Kept an eye on us in that mirror. That doesn't seem like someone who's given up, does it?
We know about the Philosopher's Stone!
And now we wait.
Why are we stopping?
Ron look! Harry what happened?
Pssst Harry is that you?
Here we come.
He lived a thousand years ago.
Voice? What voice?
Again? It happened before?
Harry isn't going to keep it.
Professor, tell us about the Chamber?
That's why Ron and I went looking for him.
We know about the Philosopher's Stone!
Seems strange, mate.  Dumbledore sends you off to find a load of Horcruxes, but doesn't bother to tell you how to destroy them. Doesn't that bother you?
Really?  Strapping guy like you, you've got a Beater's build, don't you think?  Keeper needs to be agile, quick --
Follow the spiders! Follow the spiders! If Hagrid ever gets out of Azkaban, I'll kill him! I mean, what was the point of sending us in there? What have we found out?
How will we know what it is when we get in there? After all, a Horcrux can be anything.
Let's think. Who do we know who thinks all Muggle-borns are scum?
What are we gonna do? We can't leave Hermione alone with her.
But why the Department of Mysteries?
A hundred and fifty.  Give or take a few years.
Whose hair are you ripping out then?
It's obvious, isn't it? We've got to play our way across the room. All right. Harry, you take the Bishop's square. Hermione, you'll be the Queen's side castle. As for me, I'll be a knight.
But if it kills by looking people in the eye, why is it no one's dead?
We've got to get off the streets, get somewhere safe.
The sword was stolen.
Hey.  Where's Hermione?
Hermione! Bad idea. Bad idea.
Yeah, and we're about as near getting rid of it as we are to finding the rest of them, aren't we!
Bloody hell. We/'ll never find him on this.
The world's mental.  Come on, drink up.  We've got a Horcrux to find.
Not exactly leaving the place better than we found it, are we?
Harry wake up! Come on Harry, wake up!
Shell Cottage on the outskirts of Tinworth. Trust me.
Rescuing you, of course. Now, come on. Get your trunk!
Come on, Harry! Hurry up!
You understand right, Harry. Once I make my move, the Queen will take me...then you'll be free to check the King.
Right. So let's do it.  Who gets who?
Loads according to Dad, that's what worried them so much. Happened right under their noses.
What if he were still on his...
You don't say.  Just out of interest... is there any other way out of here?
All right, I'll spit it out. Don't expect me to skip up and down because now there's some other damn thing we've got to find.
Who ever it was, they must have been looking for something.
No, I... I did think maybe I saw something -- when I was running -- over there --
Maybe it's because of the Horcruxes. Maybe he's growing weaker. Maybe he's dying.
Check.
Pipes? It's using the plumbing!
What happens when he finds out four are gone?
Harry, I know what you're thinking, but don't. There's something not quite right about that mirror.
Harry, where is she?
Still no luck with Slughorn, I take it?
So you're saying this weapon You- Know-Who's after is in the Department of Mysteries?
Is it just me?  Or do Draco and mummy look like two people who don't want to be followed?
Foul little git. Least we've got Bogrod.
Well, let's see then, put it on.
Castle to E-4! Smash! Ron: Pawn to C-3! Smash! Boom! The Queen turns, and smashes a piece! Harry, Ron and Hermione wince. The Queen turns again. Both Ron and Harry study the game.
You mean he could see you?
Of course. Don't you see? Lucius Malfoy must have opened it when he was at school here. And now he's taught Draco how to do it.
But how's a basilisk been getting around? A dirty great snake- someone would have seen it.
What if he's still on his mission from Dumbledore?
Look inside him, Harry.
Sure. Along with his Invisibility Cloak.
"The Hog's Head," Hermione?
To the Shrieking Shack?
And if we find one? How're we supposed to destroy it if we've given Griphook the sword?
Sorry, Harry.  Looks like it's Hermione and me this time.
You reckon she's here to spy on us?
This is no graveyard.  It's a chessboard.
There's something moving out there. I think... someone's coming aboard.
Right.  Antlers.
What I'm saying is, if we do this thing right, if we find the Horcruxes and begin to destroy them one by one...
We wanted to, mate, we really did, but he thought they would get intercepted. There is an awkward silence.
It's crazy. And worse, Malfoy knows.
I overheard a bloke from the Enforcement office talking about it at the Ministry.  Blimey, what's that smell?
I think Hermione's right.  I think we ought to go and see Lovegood. What say we vote on it?  Those in favor...
You there! D-5!  Yes, Hermione, I think this is going to be exactly like wizard's chess!
Come on, Hermione!
Harry, what do we do? Harry...?
Secure the castle, Mr. Filch. The rest of you, to the Great Hall.
I should have known that you would be here...Professor McGonagall.
Ah, yes. I was wondering when we'd hit that little snag.
I want all the judges over here now.
Mr. Filch? Round up the ghosts. Tell them to search every painting in the castle to find the Fat Lady.
What you see before you are memories.  In this case pertaining to one individual:  Voldemort.  Or as he was known then... Tom Riddle.
and Mr Potter tied for first position they will be the first to enter the maze. Followed by Mr Krum...
Good day champions. Gather round please. Now you've waited, you've wondered and at last the moment has arrived. The moment only four of you can fully appreciate.
It is the final burden which I must place on you, Harry.
Ah. You see, only a person who wanted to find the Stone, find it, but not use it, would be able to get it. That is one of my more brilliant ideas. And between you and me that's saying something.
Curiosity's not a sin Harry, but you should exercise caution. It's a pensieve, useful if like me you find your mind a wee bit stretched. It allows me to see what small things I've already seen. You see Harry I've searched and searched for something, some small detail. Something I might have overlooked, something that would explain why these terrible things have happened. Every time I get close to an answer it slips away, it's maddedning.
Hide yourself below.  And do not speak or show yourself without my permission.  No matter what.
You may begin at the start of the cannon.
The first person to touch the cup will be the winner. I've instructed the staff to patrol the perimeter, if at any point should a contestant wish to withdraw from the task he or she need only send up red sparks with their wands. Contestants, gather round.
You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry; the Horcrux he never meant to make.
... I was merely curious. In any event, I'm sure you're wondering why I've summoned you here tonight.  The answer lies here.
Relax, dear boy. The stone has been destroyed. My friend Nicholas and I had a little chat and agreed it was best all around.
Only, this time, he chose to act through somebody else, by means of this.
Earlier today Professor Moody placed the tri-wizards cup deep within the maze. Only he knows its exact position. Now as Mr Diggory...
Understand what I'm saying. Should I tell you to hide, you must hide.
No.  I did not.  You see, Professor Slughorn possesses something I desire very dearly. And he will not part with it easily... I'd rather not divulge any more just yet, Harry.  But I promise. In time you will know everything.
Once he discovered the connection, Voldemort had little difficulty in manipulating you into thinking he had captured Sirius.
Minerva, the rest of the Weasleys will need to be awoken.
And now our friends from the north, please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang and the high master Igor Karkaroff.
There will come a time when Harry Potter must be told something. But you must wait until Voldemort is at his most vulnerable.
The champion from Beauxbatons... Fleur Delacour
They can be anything.  The most commonplace of objects.  A ring, for example.  Or a book...
Kreacher has been serving two masters for some months now.
Yes.  And I think... perhaps... I may have found another.  But this time I cannot hope to destroy it alone.
In order to gain passage, payment must be made, payment intended to weaken any intruder.
Lay back down. They must not think we have had time to talk.
It's there.  The only question is how do we get to it?
Speak to no one else... I... I shall wait here...
This is perhaps the most important memory I've collected.  It's also a lie. This memory has been tampered with.  In this case by the person whose memory it is, our friend Professor Slughorn.
I think there is something trying to get out of your wardrobe, Tom. Open it.  Open.  It.
This memory is everything, Harry. Without it, we are blind. Without it, we leave the fate of our world to chance.  You have no choice. You must not fail.
Is this about the Prophecy?
Have there been other dreams like this?
Now we know who's been stealing it from your store Severus.
There's a reason Harry can speak with snakes. There's a reason he can look into Lord Voldemort's mind. A part of Lord Voldemort lives inside him.
Rather unpleasant to behold, isn't it?  The tale is thrilling if I do say so myself, but I'm afraid now is not the time to tell it.  Take my arm.
I will return here later tonight, after I have seen to Harry. It should not take long. He taps the Golden centaur head.
I will explain everything, Minister. Just as soon as I return Harry to school.
And should I do so, what will you give me in return, Severus?
Minister, I really think I should sign as well.
Harry! Did you put your name in the goblet of fire?
Now I want you to persuade him to divulge his true memory.  Any way you can.
An excellent question, Harry. The answer lies in the prophesy.
So why all the theatrics, Horace? You weren't perhaps expecting someone else, were you?
I agree with Severus. Alastor, keep an eye on Harry will you?
No.  Severus... Severus is who I need... Go and wake him... Tell him what has happened...
This vial contains a most particular memory -- of the day I first met him.  I'd like you to see it.  If you would...
I think I know a lost cause when I see one.  Regrettable.  I would have considered it a personal triumph had you consented to return to Hogwarts, Horace.  You are, like my friend Mr. Potter -- one of a kind.
Tell me some of the things you can do, Tom.
King's Cross! Is that right? Well, this is, as they say, your party.
Is he in this room? Is he in this room?
Welcome to the second task. Last night something was stolen from each of our champions. A treasure of sorts. These four treasures, one for each champion, now lie on the bottom of the black lake. In order to win each champion need only find their treasure and return to the surface. Simple enough. Except for this, they will have one hour to do so and one hour only. After that they'll be on their own.
Phineas, I need you to visit your other portrait. Tell Sirius what happened and that we are coming to stay for a while.
Over time, while here at Hogwarts, Tom Riddle grew close to one particular teacher.  Can you guess which teacher that might be?
How did you see this? How were you positioned when you saw it?
But how she has been Petrified, I cannot say
Correct again. I must confess that I was, however, under the impression that this young girl only told you a meeting was going on tonight.
Kreacher lied. He wanted you to go to the Department of Mysteries.
Ah. Apparently Kreacher had injured Buckbeak to distract him in case you tried to contact Headquarters.
Happily, that will not be necessary. I have found a successor
The Prophecy did not refer to a woman. It spoke of a boy born at the end of July --
The Beauxbatons champion Miss Delacour has unfortunately been forced to retire. She will take no further part in this task.
Three of our champions have now faced their dragons and so each one of them will proceed to the next task. And now our fourth and final contestant.
Actually, if I think about it... it doesn't seem curious at all.
Welcome to the charming village of Budleigh Babberton, Harry.  I assume right about now you're wondering why I've brought you here, am I right?
You'll not be going back to Little Whinging tonight, Harry.
During your Occulumency lessons, Professor Snape discovered that you were dreaming about the door in the Department of Mysteries.
Good evening, Harry.  You got my message, I see.  Come, come.  Sit.
Oh he succeeded.  And not just once.  Think, Harry.  He's just told us.
That was not the only place the Prophesy is preserved.
Again, quite correct. However, I wonder if you have any evidence that proves this group has been meeting since then?
I do, Miss Granger. But the word of three 13-year-old wizards will convince few others. A child's voice, however honest and true... is meaningless to those who have forgotten how to listen. Mysterious thing, time. Powerful... and when meddled with, dangerous. Sirius Black is in the topmost cell of the Dark Tower. You know the laws, Miss Granger. You must not be seen. And you would do well, I feel, to return before this last chime. If not, the consequences are too ghastly to discuss. If you succeed tonight... more than one innocent life may be spared. Three turns should do it, I think. Oh, and by the way. When in doubt, I find retracing my steps to be a wise place to begin. Good luck.
I asked you to get to know Professor Slughorn and you've done so.
This appears to be a gift, Horace. You don't by chance remember who gave you this bottle, do you -- which by the way possesses remarkably subtle hints of licorice and cherry when not polluted with poison.
And now we come to the moment of terrible truth, the moment I have dreaded for fifteen years. The moment when I must lay another burden atop your already straining shoulders.
There is only the end of the prophesy which we haven't addressed. It states "neither can live while the other survives."
I was going to ask you that. Where would you say that we are?
Well, what exactly is it that you want with me?
Yes. Voldemort has been obsessed with hearing that prophesy since he returned. Because of your scar, what he was obsessed with, you were obsessed with, in the form of dreams.
I am not family.  But his name has been known to me since birth.
Fawkes, we will need a warning.
You remember the condition on which I brought you with me? This potion might paralyze me.  It might cause me to forget why I'm here.  It might create so much pain I beg for relief.  You are not to indulge these requests, Harry.  It is your job to make sure I keep drinking this potion even if you have to force it down my throat.  Understood?
You are talented, famous and powerful -- everything Horace values.  Professor Slughorn is going to try to collect you, Harry.  You would be his crowning jewel.  That is why he is returning to Hogwarts.  And it is crucial he return...
Interestingly, there were two boys whom the prophesy could have been referring to. You and Neville Longbottom.