The Chamber of Secrets has been opened... written in blood.
Is it...dead?
It's Snape! He's jinxing the broom!
There's a reason those curses are unforgivable.
It means you'll never die.
These tasks are brutal... I'm scared for you.
I went looking for the troll... I'd probably be dead.
These tasks test you brutally... I'm scared.
Because they are unforgivable...
Harry it's his mark.
They're going to kill Buckbeak.
Mandrake... Petrified... fatal cry.
He called me a Mudblood.
Mudblood means dirty blood... someone like me.
Your dad's dead—I know—just telling you what I saw.
They've captured Sirius!
Stop moving! This is Devil's Snare...
They're going to suck out his soul!
If you want to kill Harry you'll have to kill us too!
It's hurting again isn't it—your scar.
If we succeed, innocent lives could be spared.
Ron you're okay. The dog—where is it?
Saving your life!
Even in the wizarding world, hearing voices isn't good.
You mean You-Know-Who is out there right now in the forest?
Harry, listen—no one’s coming.
You're dying—both of you!
We're forgetting one thing... Dumbledore always feared Voldemort.
And with Dumbledore gone...
They're not Ministry.  They're Snatchers.  They hunt Muggle-borns and blood-traitors for a price.
Dunno.  But something tells me he didn't come to give away the bride.
Mary.  Go home.  Get the kids. I'll... I'll meet you there.  We have to get out the country, understand?
They were after you, mate.  We'd just put everyone in danger going back.
Of course. You heard him! 'You'll be next Mudbloods,'
Her skeleton will lie in the chamber forever.' Ginny
Scar...?
Kill us faster?! Oh, now I can relax!
He's gone. The snake too.
Jinxing the broom? What do we do?
Sure. Except no one's ever broken out of Azkaban before... and he's a murderous, raving lunatic.
Let me get this straight. Sirius Black has escaped from Azkaban to come after you?
Oh, don't try one of them. Oh, no. Look at him. His face.
We thought you'd gone to the forest, we thought you might be --
Suppose it's him that did Mad-Eye. How would you feel then?
Did you get a look at him! Fora second I thought it was --
Imperio!
Won't he know he's being hunted?
It's just, well, you can't break an Unbreakable Vow.
Harry, she's swallowing her tongue --
What do they think they're doing?? Keeping a thing like that locked up in a school.
Mum sort of lost it last week. Said Ginny and I had no business going back to Hogwarts.  That it's too dangerous.
Well, my dad did tell me about one... The imperious curse.
So what do we do with you, huh? Kill us if it was turned round, wouldn't you?
Harry! Hold on! Take my hand! Hold on!
Not to mention you dueled with You- Know-Who all alone and he still couldn't kill you!
You're barking.  What would You- Know-Who want with a sod like Malfoy?
You're the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher! You can't go now!
Unless of course you've been ripped to pieces!
The two clinging to the tree are Death Eaters for sure.  Dunno 'bout the bloke on the bench. Can't see us, of course.  But we'll have to be careful coming and going.  C'mon.  There's something else you need to see.
Lily and James put their faith in the wrong person. Rather like you, Severus.
The truth. Tell them Hogwarts is no longer safe. It is as we feared, Minerva. The Chamber of Secrets has indeed been opened again.
Dear lady, who did this to you?
Do you remember your first year here? When you lay in the hospital wing fresh from your confrontation with Voldemort?
He has enough Elixir to set his affairs in order. But yes, he will die.
Belonged to Voldemort's mother. It was difficult to find and...
Sirius told me you believed there was a snake inside of you. This was Voldemort attempting to manipulate you. To protect you from this, I had you study Occlumency.
Today, of course, the world knows him by another name.  Which is why, as I stand looking out upon you all tonight, I am reminded of a sobering fact.  Each day, every hour, this very minute perhaps, dark forces attempt to penetrate this castle.  But in the end, their greatest weapon remains... you.
Like cursing Katie Bell and hoping she would, in turn, bear a cursed necklace to me?  Like replacing a bottle of mead with one laced with poison.  Forgive me, Draco, but these are attempts so feeble I cannot help but question if your heart has been really in them. I'm curious.  When Voldemort gave you this task, when he asked you to kill me, was it in a whisper?
Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher... has decided to retire... in order to spend more time with his remaining limbs. Fortunately, I'm delighted to announce... that his place will be taken by none other... than our own Rubeus Hagrid. Finally, on a more disquieting note... at the request of the Ministry of Magic... Hogwarts will, until further notice, play host to the dementors of Azkaban... until such a time as Sirius Black is captured. The dementors will be stationed at every entrance to the grounds. Now whilst I've been assured... that their presence will not disrupt our day-to-day activities... a word of caution. Dementors are vicious creatures. They'll not distinguish... between the one they hunt and the one who gets in their way. Therefore, I must warn each and every one of you... to give them no reason to harm you. It is not in the nature of a dementor to be forgiving. But you know, happiness can be found... even in the darkest of times... if one only remembers to turn on the light.
If she means so much to you, surely Lord Voldemort would spare her in exchange for the boy.
I see. Well, you can speak Parseltongue, Harry. Why? Because Lord Voldemort can speak Parseltongue. If I'm not mistaken, Harry, he transferred some of his powers to you the night he gave you that scar.
Yes. You must be the one to kill me, Severus. It is the only way. Only then will the Dark Lord trust you completely.
One wintry afternoon, he lured two younger classmates to this cave. What happened is unclear.  But this much is known:  the children were damaged.
There's been another attack.
Stand up, Severus. I haven't much time. What message do you bring from Lord Voldemort this time?
I also knew that Voldemort would return one day. I played to his weakness. There is an ancient magic which Voldemort has always underestimated.
I understand Tom, but I'm afraid Headmaster Dippet may have no choice.
Too much... I can't... take it... I want... to die... kill... kill me... KILL ME, HARRY!
True.  But magic, especially Dark magic...
The Dark Lord will return. And the boy will be in terrible danger when he does.
Harry get away from there!
If you and your men will proceed to the Death Room, you will find several Death Eaters which I and some others have apprehended.
The place to which we journey tonight is exceedingly dangerous, Harry.  I promised that you could accompany me and I stand by that promise.  But there is a condition:  You must obey any command I give you -- without question.
If you insist on trying to arrest me, I am perfectly willing demonstrate how useless such an attempt will be.
Well, search the skies, if you must, minister. Meanwhile, I'd like a nice cup of tea or a large brandy. Oh, executioner, your services are no longer required. Thank you.
The counsel is very much aware you have given evidence on this matter. Severus Snape was indeed a deatheater and prior to Lord Voldemort's downfall turned spy for us at great personal risk. Today he's no more a deatheater than I am.
Voldemort had an informant listening to my meeting with Professor Trelawney. Fortunately he was discovered before he could hear the entire prophesy. Voldemort had to act immediately, he didn't know the rest of the prophesy. All he knew was that he had to destroy the child who would grow to be a threat to his power.
A man has died here. And he won't be the last, you must take action.
Did. It was just destroyed only moments ago by none other than Voldemort himself.
Fortunately, our young Mr. Potter discovered it. One hopes that no more of Lord Voldemort's old school things should find their way into innocent hands. The consequences for the one responsible would be severe.
You should not have come here tonight, Tom.
The Second War has begun, Minister.
Ah yes.  Introductions.  Harry, this is an old friend and colleague of mine, Horace Slughorn.  Horace, this is, well, you know who this is. Apparently there's some thought he may be the Chosen One.
It's a Horcrux, yes.  Four years ago, when you saved Ginny Weasley's life in the Chamber of Secrets, when you brought me this I knew.  This was a different kind of magic.  Very dark.  Very powerful.  But until tonight, I had no idea just how powerful...
One destroys Voldemort.
Only if the Dementors are still taking their orders from only the Ministry these days. I believe you know my views on this, Cornelius.
Kill me!  It's the only way!
Minister, you have just seen You- Know-Who in the flesh only seconds ago! It is time to come to your senses!
Naturally. All of you did rather well on your spellwork at this school, but if you attempt to take me in by force, I'm afraid I shall have to hurt you.
Send an owl to Azkaban, think they'll find they're missing a prisoner.
It means that our students are in great danger.
She's not dead, Argus. She has been Petrified.
Curiously, Lucius, several of them were under the impression that you would curse their families, if they did not agree to suspend me in the first place.
Do not ignore me, Severus. Was it not you who told me of Lord Voldemort's plan to have the Malfoy boy murder me?
Once there was a young man who, like you, sat in this very Hall. Walked this castle's corridors. Slept beneath its roof.  He seemed, to all the world, a student like any other.  His name? Tom Riddle. The Hall goes utterly silent.
It's fine. Now listen to me, Harry. Keep studying Occlumency! Do everything Professor Snape tells you.
But I do. You seem to be laboring under the delusion that I would 'come quietly.'
Close your mind! You will understand, in time. Fudge is stirring.
Make it stop... Please... make it stop...
I daresay I can. And if you actually do attack me with that wand, Harry, I'm afraid to say you will regret it.
I never liked these curtains. Set them on fire in my fourth year, by accident of course. I put you in terrible danger this year Harry I'm sorry.
Raise the alarm. We must make sure Arthur is found by the right people.
On the night Lord Voldemort went to Godric's Hollow to kill Harry, and Lily Potter cast herself between them, the curse rebounded. When that happened, a part of Lord Voldemort's soul latched itself onto the only living thing it could find: Harry himself.
He was sent to Azkaban. Destroyed Barty to do it. But he had no choice, the evidence was overwhelming. Why do you ask?
Did I know that I had just met the most dangerous Dark Wizard of all time?  No.  Had I...
Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which he can return. Harry, do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him?  It was because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you, and that kind of act leaves a mark.  No, no, this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin.